hi recruits
hello recruits this week's theme
consists in saying things that to all the
world likes you less and thinking
that I have to honor my color at
red a red food that I do not like I've
I have been thinking a lot while
Most red foods I like
except the strawberries I hate them I hate
dams there are lots of people on the planet
that they love the prey so
At the time of the snack they make a bowl
with strawberries or rehearsed person to eat
eat and I can not I can not see what
you will do as super acid ballets and I
they seem super disgusting i do not like them
nothing then clear I could throw myself here
ten years to explain to us how little I
like strawberries or prove it
some way and a pot of
that filled them with strawberries or what a wonder
who will pay them but here are our
wonderful friends who are very rich
soft drawings then these two
companies are pressures people the
confuse me too what happens is that
the label put strawberry then I'm
throwing the ratatouille and I'll start
The days are not as expected as it is
the richest of what I did not expect and I
has surprised
I do not like this I like it is not so
I could not eat them
no no I do not like I thought that as no
I'm going to like them, I'm going to take nothing
nothing mounted ossa marta to ride
mounted some flavor I know what you must
to be thinking but if it is not mounted
because the ones made and I know it are the
things that happen in my life that do not
They have any explanation no
try to justify me, nothing is thrown
you see
if I'm an asshole
and I'm an asshole
but now I clean it I will eat the
journeys
or not
good
no more than my favorite fruit will
see someone who likes this shit
look is already going to eat more fish
do not just look at how I've put on
swimsuit him but for me
good guys but it does not make sense but
see you next Wednesday all the
social networks and enter and cotillard and
that and that's it and eliminate the strawberries from
our diet are they are cruel and they are
real bullets a big hug and
weather